Feed: http://www.bbc.co.uk/sport/0/
Category: sport
Title: Ten dream boxing matches for 2016
Date: Fri, 01 Jan 2016 09:08:54 GMT
DateProc: 1452199903
Link: http://www.bbc.co.uk/sport/0/boxing/35190386

![Carl Frampton and Scott Quigg](http://ichef.bbci.co.uk/onesport/cps/320/cpsp
rodpb/8D18/production/_87402163_quigg_frampton.jpg)

Carl Frampton and Scott Quigg are set to fight twice in 2016

If 2015 proved one thing, it's that miracles can happen in the cynical world
of boxing - and if Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao finally got it on after
years of wrangling, surely anything is possible? Yes. And no.

Of the 10 fights on BBC Sport's 2015 wish list, three came off and one - [Carl
Frampton v Scott Quigg](/sport/boxing/34860375) - was signed, sealed and is
set to be delivered in 2016. But that still makes for a lot of broken dreams.

BBC Sport looks at the global super-fights and domestic dust-ups that could
happen in the next 12 months, while offering the following disclaimer: expect
nothing, because boxing is madder than ever.

### Tyson Fury v Deontay Wilder

If Fury beats Wladimir Klitschko [in their summer
rematch](/sport/boxing/34985570) - and it is still a big 'if', especially if
Klitschko remembers to throw a few punches this time - the clamour for the
Englishman to fight Deontay Wilder will continue to grow.

With WBA and WBO champion Fury having ruled out a clash with the returning
David Haye and Anthony Joshua at least 18 months away from a world title tilt,
a unification bout with WBC champion Wilder would seem to make perfect sense.
Boxing politics, however, is likely to nix it.

**Probability: **2 out of 5

### Kell Brook v Amir Khan

While Sheffield's Brook was establishing himself as one of the world's most
dangerous welterweights, Bolton's Khan was busy wishing away some of the best
years of his career. A dream fight against Floyd Mayweather never
materialised, while Manny Pacquiao has overlooked Khan[ in favour of a third
match with Timothy Bradley.](/sport/boxing/35203173)

Brook's promoter Eddie Hearn says he expects the long-awaited showdown between
these bitter cross-Pennine rivals to take place at Wembley Stadium in June. It
would be an even-money fight and has the makings of a classic.

**Probability:** 4

Amir Khan's arch rival Kell Brook outclassed domestic rival Frankie Gavin in
his last outing in May

### Gennady Golovkin v Saul Alvarez

Golovkin has long been considered one of the most dangerous men in boxing,
it's just that he's had nobody to test his potential greatness against. But
Mexican beast Alvarez would appear to be just the man. And what a fight it
would be.

[Alvarez outpointed Puerto Rican legend Miguel Cotto](/sport/boxing/34893729)
to claim the WBC middleweight title in his last fight, while WBA and IBF
title-holder Golovkin knocked out three more opponents in 2015, taking his
tally to 31 in 34 fights. Expect both men to engage in tune-ups before
settling in for talks.

**Probability: **4

### Carl Frampton v Scott Quigg II

After years of tortuous negotiations, Belfast's Frampton and Bury's Quigg will
finally meet in Manchester on 27 February. Recent form suggests there is
little to choose between the super-bantamweight rivals, so it should be a
cracker.

There is a rematch clause in the contract, so IBF champion Frampton and WBA
champion Quigg will be expected to do it all again in Belfast in the summer.
After which, who knows, there might be a decider.

**Probability:** 4

### Lee Selby v Josh Warrington

[Welshman Selby was brilliant in beating Evgeny
Gradovich](/sport/boxing/32948199) and securing the IBF featherweight title,
less so in defending against Fernando Montiel. But that didn't dampen
enthusiasm for a match against Leeds folk hero Warrington.

Rumours abound that Selby will fight Warrington in Leeds in the summer. Selby
the stylist against the all-action Warrington, who has arguably the most
vociferous set of supporters since Ricky Hatton, has the makings of an
intriguing - and very loud - domestic encounter.

**Probability:** 3

Josh Warrington is aiming for Lee Selby after seeing off Australia's Joel
Brunker in September

### Sergey Kovalev v Adonis Stevenson

This is the third consecutive entry on the BBC's annual wish list for the
light-heavyweight division's two main men. Russia's Kovalev and Canada's
Stevenson have been calling each other out for years now and it is beginning
to get a little bit boring.

Kovalev, owner of the WBA, IBF and WBO belts, fights tough Canadian Jean
Pascal in January, while WBC champion Stevenson has nothing scheduled. The
fact they fight on rival television networks has proved problematic, but
Kovalev's people are hopeful the fight will happen in the summer.

**Probability:** 3

### Sergey Kovalev v Andre Ward

Some think Ward is the best pound-for-pound boxer in the world. It's just that
he doesn't box that often. However, the American, a former super-middleweight
world champion, says he will campaign at 175lb from now on. More importantly,
Ward and Kovalev are both signed to American network HBO.

Both men are unbeaten and it would be a perfect match-up between knockout
artist - Kovalev has 25 from 29 fights - and technical wizard - Ward has a
habit of making world-class opponents look ordinary. The fight is slated for
the end of the year, although Kovalev might have to beat Pascal and Stevenson
first.

**Probability:** 3

### Anthony Crolla v Terry Flanagan

Crolla provided one of British sport's feel-good stories in 2015, recovering
from career-threatening injuries [to land the WBA lightweight title at the
second time of asking.](/sport/boxing/34893093) Meanwhile, fellow Mancunian
and good friend Flanagan was brilliant in knocking out Diego Magdaleno and
defending his WBO crown.

Should Flanagan see off Liverpool's Derry Mathews in February, a unification
match with Crolla would be a big money-spinner. But promotional differences -
Crolla is with Hearn, Flanagan with Frank Warren - are likely to prove
insurmountable.

**Probability:** 1

Anthony Crolla is a member of trainer Joe Gallagher's wildly successful stable
in Manchester

### Billy Joe Saunders v Chris Eubank Jr II

Saunders gave an impressive exhibition of technical boxing [to dethrone
Ireland's WBO middleweight champion Andy Lee,](/sport/boxing/35125589) before
being called out by arch rival Eubank Jr, who narrowly lost to Saunders in
2014.

However, Eubank Jr has since said he would prefer to go down the WBA route,
while Saunders doesn't sound particularly keen to get it on again either. All
in all, this is a fight that might make more sense a couple of years down the
line.

**Probability:** 2

### James DeGale v George Groves II

If you want proof of the capricious nature of boxing, look no further than the
inter-connected careers of DeGale and Groves: Groves beat DeGale in the
amateur ranks in 2007; DeGale won Olympic gold in 2008; [Groves beat DeGale in
the pro ranks in 2011;](/sport/boxing/13421458) Groves lost two world title
challenges against Carl Froch in 2013 and 2014; DeGale won a world title in
2015, before Groves lost again.

Groves says he came close to retiring [after losing a third world title
challenge against Badou Jack last September,](/sport/boxing/34221110) but will
return in January. DeGale, who was impressive in defending his title against
Lucian Bute last November, will be an interested observer.

**Probability:** 2


